# TLA+ Meeting 02/25/2022

2m:
 * Discuss Hillel's community survey questions
 * Leslie reached out to Facebook
 * Government support for TLA+?

10m:
 * Linux foundation gave us material from GraphQL foundation
 * How can we actually decide membership & governance levels?
 * We don't know what our budget is

16m:
 * Should we allow funds to be earmarked through the foundation?
 * If companies want earmarks they can contract people directly

21m:
 * How many people are needed to just maintain the software?
 * Probably around two full-time people are needed
 * Two people might be able to implement some simple features too
 * If we get $300k/year that would be good

25m:
 * $150k/year is not that much for a large company
 * Focus on how to get the first dollar
 * Regular membership is much lower than $150k/year usually
 * Membership is mostly for individuals and small companies?
 * $150k/year large company membership? Ideally committing to multiple years.

31m:
 * Who manages the engineers we hire?
 * Do large FOSS projects even have managers?
 * Depends on scale: they're called reviewers
 * There will be a board, they set a general agenda & roadmap
 * Hire senior engineer (self-managing) and junior engineer

37m:
 * Can senior engineer make modifications to TLA+ language itself?
 * No, it has to go through RFC process and steering community
 * Who sits on the steering committee? What does governance look like?
 * On OpenJDK you need to get voted into the steering committee
 * Linux foundation would take around 9% of membership fees

42m:
 * Need to decide process by which people are appointed to steering committee
 * How much do we need to figure out before we form the foundation?
 * Do member companies care about the steering committee?

47m:
 * Scope of board vs. steering community
 * Generally people appointed to board aren't technical?

50m:
 * Is governance structure a roadblock?
 * There will be feedback loops between steering cmte & board
 * Should there be a BDFL-type person who holds ultimate appeal?
 * BFT-type 66% vote threshold on steering community?
 * We currently have BDFL-type setup with Leslie right now

60m:
 * What level of detail do we need for the constitution?
 * Have any books been written about this stuff?
 * Ron update: work with Oracle ERO (work with external researches)
 * Ron presented to ERO board about online trace checking
 * Stefan Merz will get the funding
 * Ron also integrated Leslie's comments into executive summary

66m:
 * Work items before next meeting
